                               CONTRIBUTION LICENSE AGREEMENT

It is an explicit condition of ANY contribution you make to the Tranzakt project,
be it code, data, text, diagrams, images, videos etc. that you agree to this
Contribution License Agreement, and your submission of ANY contribution
represents an explicit agreement to this agreement.

By submitting a contribution you are agreeing to the terms of this
Contribution License Agreement (“Agreement”), conveying certain license rights
to the Tranzakt Project and the copyright holders.

1. Definitions.

“Code” means the computer software code, documentation or any other contribution,
whether in human-readable or machine-executable form, that is delivered by You
to the Tranzakt project..

“Project” means the Tranzakt project, specifically any Github repository
held under the Tranzakt organisation or any associated web site in which software
is offered under a license approved by the Open Source Initiative (OSI)
(www.opensource.org) and documentation offered under an OSI or
a Creative Commons license (https://creativecommons.org/licenses).

“Submit” is the act of uploading, submitting, transmitting, or distributing code
or other content to the Project, including but not limited to communication on
electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, issue tracking systems
or chat rooms that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Project for the purpose of
discussing and improving that Project, but excluding communication that is
conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as “Not a Submission.”

“Submission” means the Code and any other copyrightable material Submitted by You,
including any associated comments and documentation.

2. Your Submission. You must agree to the terms of this Agreement before making
a Submission to the Project. This Agreement covers any and all Submissions that You,
now or in the future (except as described in Section 4 below), Submit to the Project.

3. Originality of Work. You represent that each of Your Submissions is either entirely
Your own original work (i.e. original coding or original writing) or works of others
that is copyright and licensed in a form compatible with the license for this project.

4. Your Employer. References to “employer” in this Agreement include Your employer
or anyone else for whom You are acting in making Your Submission, e.g. as a
contractor, vendor, or agent. If Your Submission is made in the course of Your work
for an employer or Your employer has intellectual property rights in Your Submission
by contract or applicable law, You must secure permission from Your employer to make
the Submission before making it. In that case, the term “You” in this Agreement will
refer to You and the employer collectively. By making a submission you are accepting
responsibility for having ensured that this is the case - and you are advised to
retain records of this agreement in case of future dispute.

5. Licenses.
a. Copyright License. You grant the Project, and those who receive the Submission
directly or indirectly from the Project, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
royalty-free, irrevocable license in the Submission to reproduce, prepare derivative
works of, publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute the Submission and such
derivative works, and to sublicense any or all of the foregoing rights to third
parties.

b. Patent License. You grant the Project, and those who receive the Submission
directly or indirectly from the Project, a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive,
royalty-free, irrevocable license under Your patent claims that are necessarily
infringed by the Submission or the combination of the Submission with the Project
to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell and import or otherwise dispose of the
Submission alone or with the Project.

c. Other Rights Reserved. Each party reserves all rights not expressly granted in this
Agreement. No additional licenses or rights whatsoever (including, without limitation,
any implied licenses) are granted by implication, exhaustion, estoppel or otherwise.

6. Representations and Warranties. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant
the above licenses. You represent that each of Your Submissions is entirely Your
original work. You represent that You have secured permission from Your employer to
make the Submission in cases where Your Submission is made in the course of Your work
for Your employer or Your employer has intellectual property rights in Your Submission
by contract or applicable law.

UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING, AND EXCEPT FOR THE WARRANTIES
EXPRESSLY STATED IN SECTIONS 3, 4, AND 6, THE SUBMISSION PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS
PROVIDED WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTY OF
NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

7. Notice to the Project. You agree to notify the Project in writing of any facts or
circumstances of which You later become aware that would make Your representations in
this Agreement inaccurate in any respect.

8. Information about Submissions. You agree that contributions to Projects and
information about contributions may be maintained indefinitely and disclosed publicly,
including Your name and other information that You submit with Your Submission.

9. Governing Law/Jurisdiction. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the
European Union, and the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in EU courts.
The parties waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non-conveniens.

10. Entire Agreement/Assignment. This Agreement is the entire agreement between
the parties, and supersedes any and all prior agreements, understandings or
communications, written or oral, between the parties relating to contributions.
This Agreement may be assigned by the Project.
